there's some of the most vulnerable like
this next 13-year-old girl who left G
Gaza City with her family after their
house was destroyed now in Rafa a rocket
damaged the house she was in and
destroyed the one next door where am I
supposed to go children were killed here
26 people were killed here I'm terrified
I'm scared and I thought of me being
killed or my my other brother being
killed just crossing my my repeated
I already lost my older brother I can't
lose my younger brother I have no no one
left no one to look up
to DW xan Philip Schultz joins me from
Tel Aviv since the beginning of the war
Israel has been telling the people of
Gaza to move South for their own safety
but the South doesn't appear any safer
than the rest of the territory as that
young girl was pointing out
there yeah it's uh definitely not safer
anymore and what we hear from there from
the young girl we just saw and from so
many others is so horrible that it's
difficult to find words for it it's
become a completely desperate situation
for civilians in all parts of the Gaza
Strip uh thousands of children have died
according to the UN more than 80% have
been displaced at the same time Israeli
forces once more intensify their attacks
especially in the central uh and the the
southern part of the strip and
especially on the towns of Rafa and KH
yunes and a lot of people that fled
there from the north can't go back uh
simply because everything or almost
everything is destroyed also in the
north um according to un figures 2/3 of
the um the house houses have been
destroyed and we have to keep in mind
it's not only the fighting that is
killing a lot of civilians but also the
desperate humanitarian situations a lot
of people are facing hunger and there
are horrible scenes taking place around
the few uh Aid convoys that are still
managing to deliver Aid into the Gaza
Strip and our report touched on that
joint Israeli Palestinian rally in Tel
Aviv yesterday can you tell us
more yeah I mean a majority of uh the
people here are still in favor of War uh
prime minister Nan's popularity uh has
decreased in the past weeks but the
humanitarian situation in Gaza is is
less of a topic here in in local media
than in many other countries but there
is a growing peace movement uh as you
mentioned I was at a protest yesterday
uh there were at least a few hundred
people present and they said that they
don't want the war to continue There
will only be more radicalization if it
continues they say and there can only be
a lasting or real security for the
people in the region if there is peace
at least that's what they said at the
protest uh but it is a minority most
people here are still in favor of the
war and the objective to destroy Hamas
whatever it takes the latest there from
Yan Philip Schultz in Tel Aviv for us
thank you now the UN is warning than
150,000 people in Gaza have nowhere to
go as Israel widens its air and ground
offensive against Hamas which has been
classified a terror group by many
countries dozens of people mostly women
and children were killed in a new wave
of Israeli air strikes
overnight writing the names of the Dead
on their body
bags and saying goodbye to loved
ones
the bodies of those killed by an Israeli
air strike on the de albala refugee camp
in central Gaza a laid outside a
hospital this mother lost both of her
[Music]
twins we were sleeping in the room with
two of my children my twins were in
another
room
the house was bombed and the rebel fell
on the twins on their
birthday inside the hospital doctors
rush to treat those injured in the
attack the Israeli military has stepped
up its air and ground offensive in areas
of Central and Southern Gaza it released
this footage of Tanks rolling into the
southern city of can
yunes the Israel Defense Forces claim to
have killed dozens of terrorists across
Gaza in a single
day 85% of gaza's population has been
displaced by the ongoing
conflict parts of De albala were
flattened children search for belongings
from the place that many called home
while final prayers are said for those
who were
killed we can get more on this from
journalist Samy sakol who joins us from
Jerusalem welcome Sammy let's start with
Israel's widening campaign in Central
and Southern Gaza what are they
doing well we're talking about the the
area in the center of the Gaza Strip
where you have very large refugee camps
and these are refugees that came there
in the
1948 war from what then became Israel
and we're talking about
Alat maazi and as the Israeli forces and
the tanks are approaching this area the
residents are being called to leave this
area at the same time the Air Force is
shelling this area and they're targeting
Hamas operatives but as we know most of
the casualties are civilians and the
people there of course are stranded and
they say that they have nowhere to go at
the same time Israel is also continuing
in the campaign in around kanun this is
where the believe that the Hamas
leadership is located let's pick up one
of those attacks the Israeli Army has
expressed what it said was its regret at
the high number of casualties caused by
their bombing of the magazi refugee camp
on the 24th of December so just talk us
through what happened and and explain to
us why Israel is is bombing refugee
camps yeah well this is in the mai
refugee camp the IDF said that they were
Hamas operatives and they were after
them and they dropped bombs in this
residential area which was very crowded
we're talking about a very crowded
residential area and indeed more than 90
people were killed uh women children and
many more were wounded and uh still we
believe that some are maybe under the
rubble the IDF issued a statement which
is quite rare in which they actually
admitted that they dropped a what they
call a munition that wasn't a suitable
for this kind of a Target meaning that
they dropped a a bigger bomb than
necessary in order to go after these
wanted
men now Israel is under increasing
pressure from the US and indeed uh much
of the rest of the world to scale back
its bombing of Gaza so is the war likely
to enter a new
phase well it's yet to see when this new
phase will take place and now Israel is
in this very intensive phase in which
it's continuing the the bombing of the
Gaza Strip but we know that in the
coming week Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is coming and this is exactly
what he wants to discuss with the
Israelis and ask him when is it that
you're moving from the current phase
into what they call a phase three phase
three is a phase in which the Israeli
military will be located more along the
borders along a kind of a perimeter that
they will establish and will launch a
kind of attacks more targeted attacks
and this kind of warfare is going to
continue for a very long time thanks for
that Sammy journalist Sammy Sako in
Jerusalem